> *NOTE: The products, business entities, and data used in this document are completely fictional. The products, and their associated code, were designed with assistance from Google Gemini. John Stonecypher wrote this document solely to showcase his skills in API Documentation and "Docs-as-Code" documentation methods.*

# Welcome to QBank Connect API
This product provides third-party Treasury Management platforms with secure real-time access to QBank's suite of financial services.

> QUICKSTART: Use the [**Getting Started**](tutorials/01_getting_started.md) guide to onboard, authenticate, and make your first call, all in less than 5 minutes.

## API Functionality

QBank Connect API serves four essential functions of Treasury Management:

* **Real-Time Cash Positioning:** Real-time access to cash balances.

* **Secure Payment Initiation:** Secure submission of ACH, Wire payments.

* **Fraud Prevention:** Two-way Positive Pay integration for managing check issues and exceptions.

* **Compliance:** Detailed logs of all activity and security headers for SOX and PCI DSS compliance.


## Documentation Structure

This documentation set is organized around three distinct developer needs: Learning, Understanding, and Information.

### Tutorials
Use tutorials to learn new skills:

- [**Getting Started**](tutorials/01_getting_started.md): A quickstart tutorial for developers.

### Explanations
Read explanations to understand structures, connections, and processes:

- [**Architecture**](explanations/02_architecture.md): An explanation of the API's unique blend of real-time and batch processing.

- [**Payment Resilience**](explanations/03_payment_resilience.md): A discussion of the API's support for transactional idempotency.

### References
Consult the reference materials for information lookup when you need it:

- [**API Reference**](references/05_api_reference.md) Endpoint definitions, generated by parsing the OpenAPI Specification.

- [**Python SDK**](references/06_sdk_python.md) Python libraries to assist development.

- [**TypeScript SDK**](references/07_sdk_typescript.md): TypeScript libraries to assist development.

- [**Compliance and Security**](references/08_compliance_security.md): Regulatory and technical constraints.

- [**Glossary**](references/09_glossary.md): Definitions for terms and acronyms used in this document.
